my entire academic life has been devoted
to figuring out tricky ways to get at
causality we kind of say what if this
thing that everybody thinks is so really
isn't so
this sounds ridiculous but you see it
all the time people trying to fight
against or build up something that there
sure is connected to something else in
which it turns out just isn't
the closest thing to world view in
frickin happens is that me Sanders
matter and if you can figure out what
people's incentives are you have a good
chance of guessing how they're gonna
behave they say money doesn't buy
happiness wanna bet
distinction between names the white
people names for Blackie Maria Mary
willing Becky Malik to me casa King you
know Oprah it's popular I don't have to
ever seen a sumo match I can go in the
data and I can tell you that there was
rampant cheating going when there's an
incentive to cheat a small percentage of
people always good students increased
their test scores simply by giving them
a financial incentive 50 BOTS you are
giving straight edge for me yes we
didn't have a crime problem that is out
of control clear the numbers are
dropping what's not clear is why
the line between like economist and
criminal is incredibly thin and what
about journalists no line
that is so cool
give people permission to challenge
conventional wisdom and to ask a
different kind of question entirely
total BS but